Q Crucial: What is the Business Problem?A: The problem is I don't know who I am competing with and their experience. I want to know whether I am at a disadvantage or advantage. Q: Five questions you should ask before attacking a data problem:1.	Why is this problem important?A: Assume you tried really hard at a competition and failed. Naturally one would be upsetand would want to improve. Moreover, I don't want to be too hard on myself for losingat many competition if i know that the type of people who get 1st place in a competitionare like Ph.D or masters or have 2+ experience, atleast thats my assumption. a.	what keeps you (us) up at night?A: Do all first place winners have lots of experience/education which "justifies" their great performance?.b.	why does this matter?A: I want to know whether the playing field is neutral or is it toddlers vs experts. c.	is this a new problem, or has it been solved already?A: It has not been solved but some first place winners have cheated in the past.d.	what is the size of the prize? (what’s the return on investment?)A: None. e.	you’ll want to understand how each person sees the problem. this will help you create alignment on how everyone will end up supporting the project to solve the problem – and if they agree it should start.A: N/ACheck Point: In initial discussions of above assure no talk of being methodology focus(includes talk of latest technology trends) or deliverable focus(take step back and trace how what you want to build brings value to the organization). In defining the problem these things should not enter the picture yet. Start with the problem to be solved, not the technology to be used. f.	Fundamentally Q: Is this a real business problem that is worth solving, or are we doing data science for its own sake?A: We are doing data science for its own sake.2.	Who does this problem affect?A: Anyonoe getting started with kaggle and existing users. a.	spirit of this problem is not only asking who this affects, but how that person’s work will be different going forward?A: we will be more aware of who we are competing and their background if their is a trend.b.	Have you thought of all layers of the organization (and perhaps its clients, if any)?A: I could analyze not only the first place team but also N=.... but we will stick to first place. c.	We suggest you name names. can bring a small group to represent them. create a list of these people and understand how they will be affected by the project. You’ll want to tie these answers back to the last questionA: n/a-	Assume you can answer the Problem. then ask your team:d.	Can we use the answer?A: We can only report the statistics of the background but we cannot control wether something will be statistically significant. e.	Whose work will change?A: n/a-	This assumes you have the right data to answer the question, this can be a huge assumptions. f.	After answering these questions, go through several scenarios where the problem has been solved. A: We can know the number of competions they have participated, when they joined, where they are from, followers, their label like whether competition expert or kaggle grandmaster.Can fid their current rank, their highest rank held. the number of places they had as gold, silver, brone. we can get some dis ussion contributor data if we want also.  The competion tab contains all the relevant info. -	this can strengthen the project and impact, or may identify a project with no business benefit. 3.	What if we don’t have the right data?A: we can choose to either get lazy data or very detailed data. Neg Feedback: if the data doesn’t exist, go back to the original question and attempt to redefine the project scope. 4.	when is the project over?A: when a basic statistic report with insights has been published in github. a.	What is the final deliverable?A: a report on github & datacamp.-	for data projects, the final deliverable is an insight (e.g, ‘how effective was the company’s last marketing campaign?’) or an application (e.g a predictive model that forecasts nect week’s shipping volume). Many projects will require additional work: perhaps support and maintenance, but this needs to be communicated to the team up front. 5.	what if we don’t like the results?A: its a report the data and statistics speak for themselves we just have to present and find insights worth showing and presentable. -	Asking this question will expose differences in how individuals will accept the result of the project and uncover people’s bias before the project starts.